OTL-2195: Fluentd disabled by default for installer scripts (#804)
splunk/public-o11y-docs: gdi/opentelemetry/install-linux.rst

The installer script deploys and configures these elements:

* The Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector for Linux

> * Fluentd, using the td-agent (disabled by default). See :ref:`fluentd-receiver` for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fluentd, using the td-agent. Turned off by default. See :ref:`fluentd-receiver` for more information
```

   curl -sSL https://dl.signalfx.com/splunk-otel-collector.sh > /tmp/splunk-otel-collector.sh;
   sudo sh /tmp/splunk-otel-collector.sh --realm SPLUNK_REALM --memory SPLUNK_MEMORY_TOTAL_MIB -- SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN

> .. note:: If you have a Log Observer entitlement or wish to collect logs for the target host with Fluentd, use the ``--with-fluentd`` option to also install Fluentd when installing the Collector.

Reviewer: @jeffreyc-splunk Would you require Fluentd when sending logs for LO? Wouldn't filelog receiver also work?

Author: > @jeffreyc-splunk Would you require Fluentd when sending logs for LO? Wouldn't filelog receiver also work?

I just updated this line for the inverse.  I guess the filelog receiver would work, but we currently don't include it in our default collector configs.

Configure Fluentd
---------------------------------------

> To install Fluentd for log collection (disabled by default), run the installer script with the ``--with-fluentd`` option. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluentd is turned off by default. To install Fluentd for log collection, run the installer script with the ``--with-fluentd`` option. For example:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   curl -sSL https://dl.signalfx.com/splunk-otel-collector.sh > /tmp/splunk-otel-collector.sh && \
   sudo sh /tmp/splunk-otel-collector.sh --with-fluentd --realm SPLUNK_REALM -- SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN

> When enabled, the Fluentd service is configured by default to collect and forward log events with the ``@SPLUNK`` label to the Collector, which then sends these events to the HEC ingest endpoint determined by the ``--realm <SPLUNK_REALM>`` option. For example, ``https://ingest.<SPLUNK_REALM>.signalfx.com/v1/log``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When turned on, the Fluentd service is configured by default to collect and forward log events with the ``@SPLUNK`` label to the Collector, which then sends these events to the HEC ingest endpoint determined by the ``--realm <SPLUNK_REALM>`` option. For example, ``https://ingest.<SPLUNK_REALM>.signalfx.com/v1/log``.
```
